Summary 
	The article summarizes how to learn a skill or gain knowledge. By learning a small piece of knowledge and skill set everyday for 30 days, a person can eat an “elephant" or catch up on that knowledge. By doing learning one small thing everyday, a person can learn 30 things that increase in complexity and fit together as a whole new branch of working knowledge.
	A good challenge is one that can provide curiosity and challenges in 30 days, something happy to chew on slowly. The process of learning is not sitting down and memorizing; one should do as he goes. However, to learn one thing effectively, one has to make a plan as he goes. 
	A good plan does not have specific daily goals. Failure of one day would almost guarantee failure for the days afterward. One should have a checklist instead of a specific day to day plan. The ordered or random list can give people a idea of what to do and what is left to do. 
	The real work is often simply showing up. Sometimes focusing on the seemingly insignificant goal is very important. To start running every morning, one should start with waking up early. Once that is accomplished, there is momentum to keep going. Setting a limit can help you to ration your time properly, and your mind would appreciate the daily rest point. If this routine is established, keep going would not be hard. 
	
	Once you start, a part of you will refuse to work and just be lazy. That is natural. Most of the time, these challenges are small, challenging and seem to not matter. Eventually, the resistance to work will go away and everything becomes natural. Eventually, things become too easy and one may start to mindlessly sit in front of a desk and not do any productive work for 2 hours. This time would be better used to be reinvested in skill development. This time can be poured into doing increasingly difficult tasks, and one would learn more from this. Discomfort teaches more than easiness. The plan has to be flexible because the aim is to finish with excitement not exhaustion. 

	One should not stop after 30 days. From day 31, one should plan how to start learn new knowledges like completing the map or adding more task to learn. Do not expect perfect autonomy after completing the 30 day challenge. The biggest gift of the days is the realization that one can find the time and effort to learn something everyday, not the skill or habit you learned along the way. 

	Learning small thing everyday for 30 days might  impact one’s life and career. 
	
	I think the passage gives a good lesson. I felt that by learning small chunks of html everyday, I would eventually understand the language very well. I also realize that by learning and practising small pieces of skill set each day, I can eventually develop a branch of skills that can help me to do well in this course. 
